In 2015,
I joined the election as an individual.
The leader of the very first party
I was involved in,  was male.
To become a secretary,
I upgraded my skills as if I were a fish
being stuffed for the weighing scales.
There was discrimination in the party.
During election poll progress,
Women candidates were assigned
to offer hospitality rather than
giving opportunities in leadership roles.
When it came
to choosing constituencies,
men would offer the worst options
to us women candidates.
There was no security
and I did not speak
the locals’ language,
at the end I have become
the only individual.
As for my friend,
she was assigned in ethnic minority area,
she faced a language barrier as well.
She has lost points
due to this condition
and she gradually lost passion
for her goal of becoming
a Parliament Representative.